OK
Confirm
Cancel
Back
Close
Got it!

 Days Left
Unknown
Be prepared to leave WePeiyang...
We provide this service in our web platform. Open Link in Browser?
No available data
Successfully loaded newest data
Failed to refresh data due to some errors in the network fetching process.
Guest Mode
Checking Auth Status...
Log In
Sign Me Out
Login Success
Login Failed...
Logout Success
Failed to store token locally. Additional manual login may be need during the next start.
Failed to delete local token. If the problem persists, we recommend you to clear App storage in system settings to ensure account safety.
It's always nice to have you back.
TWT Account Username
Password
Hello
No cards bound
Card
Holder
Expires by
Today
This Month
Billing Details
No transaction record found in the last %{days} days
Load one more week
The data shown here ranges to the day of your most recent bill.
News
TJU Network
Settings
Homepage
Elsewhere
Hide GPA On Homepage
Enable Owl Mode
Display tomorrow's schedule after 21:00
Always display today's schedule
Displayed Days Each Week
Choose your preferred weekdays interval.
Display %{count} days each week
Display not-this-week courses
Display courses. Note that in cases where several not-this-week courses occupy the same time period, they will be rendered overlapped.
Display random activities.
Schedule Table Text Size
Font size for courses in schedule tables are automatically adjusted to fit the size of course blocks.
Auto reconnect
Reconnect to TJU-WLAN network when disconnected
WePeiyang on GitHub
WePeiyang is an open-sourced project. Help make it better by contributing to our community.
TWT Community QQ/TIM Group
Help & Support
Need help? Encountered a problem? Welcome to our support forum.
Language
Language Settings
Please note that only the texts within WePeiyang App level would be changed. Text that rely on external resources like course names and book names will not be translated.
Connect your accounts. Discover more possibilities.
Connect your accounts. Discover more possibilities.
Connect your accounts. Discover more possibilities.
Unbound
Bound
Bind
Unbind
Library account
E-card account
Portal account
Your Student ID
E-card password (Used on POS machines)
Your e.tju.edu.cn Password
Your library password
Your library password is the password used on lib.tju.edu.cn. If you didn't know what it is, please try initial password 666666, or the 12th-17th digits of your National ID card. Please consult the information desk in Tianjin University Library for password reset of any further information.
Successfully bound. Additional re-login may be needed.
Successfully unbound. Additional re-login may be needed.
This account is currently connected to WePeiyang.
You can detach this account anytime. After disconnecting, you wouldn't be able to use services relating to this account.
To unbind your e-card, you just need to log out. Your e-card account would be unconnected when you log in again.
Please note that your account binding status would be updated after the next login.
Please note that your account binding status would be updated after the next login.
For security reasons, the binding action for e-card is only available for the current session. Your e-card account would be immediately detached once you log out.
For security reasons, the binding action for TJU network is only available for the current session. Your network account would be immediately detached once you log out.
WPY
News
TJU
Drawer
Bike
Contact
Learning
Library
E-card
GPA
GPA Curve
Classroom
Schedule
News
Mall
Party
Network
Vote
Survey
BBS
Docs
Career
Volunteer
Total Weighted
Total GPA
Credits Earned
Weighted
GPA
Credits
Credits
Radar & rose chart is not available with semesters of less than three courses.
Ordered by
Credits
Name
Score
Disclaimer
The indicators, charts and scores calculated by WePeiyang are for reference only. Please consult Tianjin University Academic Affairs Department for the official algorithms, policies and grading results.
Main
Data
Your Kachi Index
What is Kachi Index?
In Chinese, Kachi (卡绩, literally “Stuck on GPA”) means acquiring a highest score among a fixed GPA section, e.g. 89. The official mapping algorithm between scores and GPAs is not continuous, therefore some students might get a lower overall GPA than he deserve with his scores. This is what Kachi index describes - the inconsistency between GPA and weighted score.
How is Kachi Index computed?
We used regression to determine a sigmoid equation that maps GPAs and scores in a continuous manner, then calculate the difference between the continuous version of GPA and the discrete (official) version of GPA for each course involved. This difference is the prototype of Kachi index. A Kachi'd score would output a more positive value, and vice versa. The final result is a weighted average of all computed Kachi-indices.
How badly am I Kachi'd?
A normal Kachi index typically falls between -3.0 and 1.0. Students are more likely to have negative Kachi indices because teachers sometimes give rounded-up scores. If you find your Kachi index greater than 1, it probably indicates that you're pretty badly Kachi'd.
No course today
ID
Logic No.
Campus
Room
Weeks
Time
WEEK

You didn't borrow any books
Library account not bound
Call No.
Type
Location
Borrowed
Return By
Overdue
Renew
A single book can be renewed for only three times. We recommend that you renew your books when the due date is approaching. Proceed?
Surf
Board
Your student ID
Your g.tju.edu.cn password
And God Said, “Let There Be The Internet.”
And there was the internet.
Sometimes sending a correct password could also return a message of wrong password. This bug is caused by Tianjin University Network Centre and occurs on the native login page too. In that case, you might want to additionally try several times.
Search keywords...
Department
No unit found in this department
Info Source
About
Information provided by e.tju.edu.cn. To publish new contacts or report a mistake, please consult Tianjin University Network Centre.
